README.md, before:

# KVConfigurableMaps

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Rainbeau Flambe (original), Kiame Vivacitys mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1507370392

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

"Configurable Maps" provides you with a number of configuration options that you can use to tailor the way your maps generate. Simply visit "Mod Settings" from the game's "Options" menu. You'll find three different sets of options for the mod.

(1) "Things" Settings:

You can alter the number of ruins and "ancient shrines" that generate on new maps. You can set them low, so you'll no longer find yourself starting the game in an area that looks like it might once have been someone's town square. Or you can set them high, so it seems as if you've landed in what was once a bustling city.

(Regardless of the settings, the mod ensures that buildings will be significantly more common among ruins than unattached wall segments, and that those buildings will be shaped more like rooms than like hallways.)

You can decide whether you want ruins to be constructed solely or primarily from stone types actually available on the map, or if you want them to be constructed from random materials (as in vanilla).

You can adjust the "biodensity" on new maps, to determine how thickly populated with plant and animal life the maps should be. These settings are, of course, relative to the base values for a given biome. Even a "sparse" tropical rainforest will have a much higher biodensity than a "dense" extreme desert or ice sheet.

(2) Terrain Settings:

You can adjust the amount of ore which generates on new maps, to make the game more or less challenging. You can additionally choose to disable "fake" ores, so that compacted steel, plasteel and machinery will not appear on your maps. You can also adjust the number of geysers, so that sources of geothermal power are easier or harder to find. And you can adjust the quantity of stone chunks scattered on new maps.

You can adjust the maps' "mountain level," perhaps so that flat maps have almost no rock outcroppings, or perhaps so that mountain maps have little open space.

You can also adjust the "fertility" of soil on maps, to adjust the relative amount of rich soil as opposed to regular soil.

An additional checkbox allows you the option to disallow rocky outcrop "islands" from appearing in lakes, marshes or oceans.

(3) World Map Settings:

You can adjust the minimum and maximum number of stone types which can appear in a tile on the world map. You can also adjust the relative commonality of various types of stone, so for example, you could set your worlds to generate with lots of granite but very little sandstone.

(Note that these settings won't appear if you're also using "Cupro's Stones," as that mod offers more robust options regarding exactly how many and which types of stone you want to see on the world map.)

- Rainbeau Flambe (dburgdorf)

=====

Compatibility:

Since "Configurable Maps" does nothing but alter initial map generation, adding it to or removing it from a game in progress will have no impact. It should be compatible with any other mods, except perhaps those that also modify terrain and map generation.

Incompatible:
- Alpha Biomes

=====

Credits:

Rainbeau Flambe (dburgdorf) - original author

The mod utilizes Pardeike's "Harmony Patch Library." (No additional download is required, as the library is included with the mod.)

The German language translation file was provided by Ludeon forums user Maculator. The Japanese language file was provided by Proxyer. Russian translation files were provided by Steam user "Чей-то друг."

=====

License:

If you're a modpack maker and want to include "Configurable Maps" in your pack, or if you're a modder and want to use it as the basis of a derivative mod, please feel free to do so. I ask only that you let me know about it. 

=====

If you have any (helpful) suggestions for improvement, please let me know!

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.


https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2889137767]Last updated 2023-02-05

Commit message:

Mod updated for 1.5 and passed autotests

README.md, after:

# KVConfigurableMaps

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/buuPQel.png)

Update of Rainbeau Flambe (original), Kiame Vivacitys mod
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1507370392

- Added compatibility with https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2883213149]Random Goodwill 1.4 and https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2882785581]Faction Control 1.4

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/pufA0kM.png)

	
![Image](https://i.imgur.com/Z4GOv8H.png)

"Configurable Maps" provides you with a number of configuration options that you can use to tailor the way your maps generate. Simply visit "Mod Settings" from the game's "Options" menu. You'll find three different sets of options for the mod.

(1) "Things" Settings:

You can alter the number of ruins and "ancient shrines" that generate on new maps. You can set them low, so you'll no longer find yourself starting the game in an area that looks like it might once have been someone's town square. Or you can set them high, so it seems as if you've landed in what was once a bustling city.

(Regardless of the settings, the mod ensures that buildings will be significantly more common among ruins than unattached wall segments, and that those buildings will be shaped more like rooms than like hallways.)

You can decide whether you want ruins to be constructed solely or primarily from stone types actually available on the map, or if you want them to be constructed from random materials (as in vanilla).

You can adjust the "biodensity" on new maps, to determine how thickly populated with plant and animal life the maps should be. These settings are, of course, relative to the base values for a given biome. Even a "sparse" tropical rainforest will have a much higher biodensity than a "dense" extreme desert or ice sheet.

(2) Terrain Settings:

You can adjust the amount of ore which generates on new maps, to make the game more or less challenging. You can additionally choose to disable "fake" ores, so that compacted steel, plasteel and machinery will not appear on your maps. You can also adjust the number of geysers, so that sources of geothermal power are easier or harder to find. And you can adjust the quantity of stone chunks scattered on new maps.

You can adjust the maps' "mountain level," perhaps so that flat maps have almost no rock outcroppings, or perhaps so that mountain maps have little open space.

You can also adjust the "fertility" of soil on maps, to adjust the relative amount of rich soil as opposed to regular soil.

An additional checkbox allows you the option to disallow rocky outcrop "islands" from appearing in lakes, marshes or oceans.

(3) World Map Settings:

You can adjust the minimum and maximum number of stone types which can appear in a tile on the world map. You can also adjust the relative commonality of various types of stone, so for example, you could set your worlds to generate with lots of granite but very little sandstone.

(Note that these settings won't appear if you're also using "Cupro's Stones," as that mod offers more robust options regarding exactly how many and which types of stone you want to see on the world map.)

- Rainbeau Flambe (dburgdorf)

=====

Compatibility:

Since "Configurable Maps" does nothing but alter initial map generation, adding it to or removing it from a game in progress will have no impact. It should be compatible with any other mods, except perhaps those that also modify terrain and map generation.

Incompatible:
- Alpha Biomes

=====

Credits:

Rainbeau Flambe (dburgdorf) - original author

The mod utilizes Pardeike's "Harmony Patch Library." (No additional download is required, as the library is included with the mod.)

The German language translation file was provided by Ludeon forums user Maculator. The Japanese language file was provided by Proxyer. Russian translation files were provided by Steam user "Чей-то друг."

=====

License:

If you're a modpack maker and want to include "Configurable Maps" in your pack, or if you're a modder and want to use it as the basis of a derivative mod, please feel free to do so. I ask only that you let me know about it. 

=====

If you have any (helpful) suggestions for improvement, please let me know!

![Image](https://i.imgur.com/PwoNOj4.png)



-  See if the the error persists if you just have this mod and its requirements active.
-  If not, try adding your other mods until it happens again.
-  Post your error-log using https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=818773962]HugsLib or the standalone https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2873415404]Uploader and command Ctrl+F12
-  For best support, please use the Discord-channel for error-reporting.
-  Do not report errors by making a discussion-thread, I get no notification of that.
-  If you have the solution for a problem, please post it to the GitHub repository.
-  Use https://github.com/RimSort/RimSort/releases/latest]RimSort to sort your mods



https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/changelog/2889137767]![Image](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/emipa606/KVConfigurableMaps?label=latest%20version&style=plastic&color=9f1111&labelColor=black)
